[Self-Hosted] Highlight that the external database name needs to be `gitpod` (#2678)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/self-hosted/latest/reference-architecture/_chunks/database.md

In this reference architecture, we use managed MYSQL databases provided by cloud providers.

> > The name of the database needs to be `gitpod`.

Reviewer: Expanding on my comment on the issue itself, I think we're coupling together the name of the database instance that's running MySQL, and the names of the MySQL databases. The latter definitely needs to be named `gitpod` but that'll be automatically created during the installation of Gitpod itself.

In addition, Gitpod will create a database named something like `gitpod-sessions` - this touches the domain of documenting requirements an making a distinction between requirements and setup procedures.

Reviewer: LGTM!

> > Both the database name and the username of the user used to access it need to be `gitpod`.

Reviewer 2: Only the database name needs to be `gitpod`. The username is configurable as of https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/pull/6171

```suggestion
> The name of the database needs to be `gitpod`.
```

<CloudPlatformToggle id="cloud-platform-toggle-database">
<div slot="gcp">

As a relational database, we create a [Google Cloud SQL instance](https://cloud.google.com/sql) with MySQL 5.7. Use the following commands to create the database instance:

```bash

> MYSQL_INSTANCE_NAME=gitpod

Reviewer: 👍

Author: Now that I [understand](https://gitpod.slack.com/archives/C01KLC56NP7/p1662044900851759?thread_ts=1662028843.913359&cid=C01KLC56NP7) this better, I like the before better. Will change it back: 
```suggestion
MYSQL_INSTANCE_NAME=gitpod-mysql
```
